>> Speaker 1: How would you use Redux
with something like local storage?
Have you done that before?
>> Brian Holt: So you can definitely
dump your state to local storage, and
then load it back.
So you can hydrate and
rehydrate from any number of sources.
There are plug ins specifically,
like I think it's called Redux Offline
if I remember correctly.
That will do a bunch of that stuff for
you.
I'm not gonna show you here
because I haven't done it and
I'm not gonna improvise on the fly.
But there's a bunch of tooling and
libraries around Redux that
will do that for you, for sure.
>> Speaker 1: And then with Redux, so
essentially, instead of
setState you're using dispatch?
>> Brian Holt: Yes, that's astute.
>> Brian Holt: The interesting thing with
React which I have not shown you, is you
can actually do reducers and actions and
things like that with React directly.
So you can kinda treat React State as
if it was like a mini-Redux store,
that's possible.
Cuz you can actually give
instead of giving React objects
to update the state with,
you can actually hand it functions and
those functions can be like reducers,
right?
So that's possible as well.
>> Speaker 3: I've got a couple
of questions regarding flow.
So are we going to end up creating
a type definition for our state?
Cuz right now,
kind of just evaporated what our state is.
There's nothing that tells us
the shape of our state tree, right?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, yeah,
no, I think sort of,
I think is the answer to your question.
So it's smart enough to say
that this is a string here.
And by setting the default state to
string, it's going to be a string.
And so if we ever modify it from being
a string, it knows, it's like, hey,
you messed this up.